feat(lint): implement `no-unknown-property` from eslint react (#7774)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/small-words-show.md

---
'@biomejs/biome': patch
---

> Fixed #7657: Added the new rule [`no-unknown-property`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unknown-property/) from ESLint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [#7657](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/7657): Added the new rule [`no-unknown-property`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unknown-property/) from ESLint
```

> added the new rule [`no-unknown-property`](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/no-unknown-property.md) from react-rules

Reviewer: This should also contain examples of valid/invalid code. It also should mention `ignore` getting added to the css rule (maybe in another changeset).

```suggestion
Added the new rule [`noUnknownProperty`](use biome link here) from react-rules
```

Author: Done, i need to check for css rule
